feat(bdm): Document autonomous bdm build changes (#2272)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

====
The 2023.1 is in development.
====

== Improvements

=== Development suite changes

==== Bonita project

Bonita projects layout has been updated to take advantage of Maven multi-module project perks.

== Feature deprecations and removals

=== Custom Rest API Extension and BDM dependencies

When updating a Bonita project in the 2023.1 version, BDM dependencies are updated to use the new the `*-bdm-model` artifact introduced with the new Bonita project layout changes. This automatic update will replace previous `bdm-client` and `bdm-dao` dependencies with the project `bdm-model` dependency. 
In the process the dependency containing the client DAO implementation is removed from the dependencies list. 

> It can affects your code if you were directly referencing the `*DAOImpl` classes. If you find yourself in this situation we invite you to update your to use the DAO interfaces presents in the `bdm-model` dependency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can affects your code if you were directly referencing the `*DAOImpl` classes. If you find yourself in this situation we invite you to update this code to use the DAO interfaces presents in the `bdm-model` dependency. 
```

=== Development suite changes

==== Bonita project layout 

Bonita projects layout has been changed to take advantage of Maven multi-module project perks.

First project component that will benefit from Maven multi-module project is the Business Data Model. We decided to align the way the Business Data Model is handled in Bonita with the standard  dependency handling practices by using Maven submodules. Submodules, or subprojects, are regular Maven projects that inherit from the parent POM. 

> With the chosen solution, the users will have the possibility to work on the Business Data Model independently and when their work is done, the project will pull the dependency from a specified repository - Maven Central or Bonita Artifact Repository- and build the application.

Author: Need to be less ambiguous:
```suggestion
With the chosen solution, the users will have the possibility to publish and consume the Business Data Model java dependencies independently.  The project will pull the required dependencies from a specified repository - Maven Central or Bonita Artifact Repository- to generate the BDM java sources.
```
